RUN-14773 add configmap cli command (#736)
run-ai/docs: docs/Researcher/cli-reference/runai-submit-dist-TF.md

> 
> Mount /root/data to NFS path /public/data on NFS server nfs.example.com for read-write access.

#### --configmap-volume name=<name of configmap>,path=<path to mount> ...'

> > Mount a `Configmap` object for use as a data volume.

Reviewer: Configmap --> ConfigMap
here and everywhere

Author: ```suggestion
> Mount a `ConfigMap` object for use as a data volume.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> Mount a `ConfigMap` object for use as a data volume.
```

> > Mlount a `Configmap` object for use as a data volume.

Reviewer: Mlount --> Mount 
here and everywhere

Author: ```suggestion
> Mount a `Configmap` object for use as a data volume.
```

> > Configure a `Configmap` object for use in a container.

Reviewer: > Configure a config 
sounds funny, doesn't it? you the expert
also not just a "use in a container" as there are other ways to use config map, suggest adding to the text something about it being a volume in the container

Author: ```suggestion
> Mlount a `Configmap` object for use as a data volume.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> Mlount a `Configmap` object for use as a data volume.
```
